I was drugged, not broken.
Are you so nervous?
I was worried about you getting knocked out of bed.
Who made my sister in my heart? She will always come first
This is the new bag I bought for my sister. Do you like it?
This bag is the latest model of the season.
1 million worth
Where did you get so much money?
Genuine, of course I can't afford it.
So I bought a high-end imitation
If you dislike me, return it.
It's okay, others can't see the high imitation.
I take it out when I need it for work
Sister, when I have money, I will definitely buy it for you.
Really?
I just hope you don't dislike me.
Ah yes, Xiaoxin
My mom just called me to say there's a family reunion tonight
We're not divorced yet.
Li Yin, please accompany me back.
Grandpa, we're back, hahaha.
Come back, okay, sit down
Cousin, is this bag the latest model of the season?
Cousin-in-law is so kind to you
1 million things to buy